I. Language Assesment
  A. Speaking
  B. Listening
  C. Applying English skills
II. U.S. cultural customs
III. On-site classes
  A. Number of Participants
  B. Length
  C. Time
  D. Number of meetings
  E. Manuals
  
 
7634 College Blvd
St. Louis, MO 76210
913-xxx-xxxx
Fax 913-xxx-xxxx

October 24, 2020

Joan T. Osborn
Manager, Learning and Development
Artic Cooling Technologies
7401 W. 129th Street
Overland Park, KS 66213

Subject: Trainning Proposal for Artic Workplace English

We are pleased to purpose an on'site Workplace English program to Artic employees. To determine the appropraite level of instruction, we developed a curriculum to improve
each participant's English language skils and knowledge.
The Program will offer an easy and quick way to learn limited amounts of everyday workplace English. Instruction will be divided into three components: Speaking in English
listening in English and Workplace-specific English. Aspects of U.S. culture will also be included. We will discuss often misunderstood fundamentals aspects of everyday U.S.
culture. Following is an overview of what we can offer Artic:

Speaking in English: This training unit, participants learn many common expressions, phrases and questions for use in everyday interactions.

Listening in English: In this training unit, participants learn how to comprehend and respond to common workplace phrases and terms.

Workplace-specific English: Here, participants learn how to comprehend and respond to common workplace phrases and terms.

Each participant will receive a manual with CDs, Weblinks, and PDF formatted file information that can be used to maintain the language skills the have acquired. 

We propose offering on-site classes limited to a maximum of 15 participants for 6 weeks to meet 2 hours, twice a week for a total of 24 hours. A once-per-week meeting
format for 12 weeks could also be provided. All instructional material will be provided to participants. The $3,300 estimated budget for this program included curriculum
development, instructional manuals, and on-site training. When this traning is complete, I will develop a follow-up plan to help each participant maintain and improve English
language skills.

We look forward to finalizing this training program. Thank you for the opportunity to present the proposal. We pride ourselves on providing quality traning and language development.

Phil Baron

Phil Baron, Program Director
